- Watching [[Legacy Code, OOP vs Functional Programming & MORE]]
	- It is a fairly informal discussion between two practitioners of [[Test Driven Development]]
	- [[Michael Feathers]] started his programming career in the 1990s
	- [[Dave Farley]] started his programming career in the 1980s
	- Standard way of defining a good design and easy to understand, easy to maintain and what makes those things possible are the things related to how our minds work. Here, [[Michael Feathers]] quotes the [[Miller's Law]] (I have recently seen critique of the law based on the actual limitation is not the number of items, but the capacity of short term memory measured in time, typically with limit of around 2 minutes. I cannot remember the source at the moment).
	- [[Dave Farley]] suggests we should be optimising for learning (feedback) and for reduced complexity.
	- Practicing [[Test Driven Development]] means the developers are the consumer of their own own.
	- [[Michael Feathers]] talks about glue and computational systems, problems we are coding are either constrained by the physics or the people. Is it the problem with intensive processing or complex business rules? Very often it is one or the other.
	- [[Object Oriented Programming]] is like [[Functional Programming]] - this is tongue-in-cheek but there is some similarity, because if we push the ideas of [[SOLID]] far enough, the classes are very small, and effectively there is very little different between a pure function and a single responsibility class. Some dependencies might be passed through constructor rather than method parameters, but beside that there is not much difference.
	- The discussion gets to [[Team Topologies]] as the conclusion is that to design systems we have to design teams and their interactions.
	-