- Watching to [[Matthew Skelton]] interview by [[Dave Farley]] in [[The Engineering Room]]
	- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIcp9zDs4EI
	- It is important to find ways to spread the thinking and understanding without causing too much synchronous communication and dependencies. Open technical writing is important. Documentation is part of it, but also articles, papers, to increase self service knowledge consumption.
	- The software used to be simple and not that influential. Installing a word processor or a game on one computer wasn't that life changing.
	- But now it is different and not only in the example of air traffic control. Government provides software enhanced services. If a person does't get the benefit they need they can freeze to death. This is serious.
	- Matthew says that some hospitals are now looking at similar thinking to team topologies on how to reduce handoff, how to have things like x-ray as a service to provide better care.
	- Thinking about coupling between teams is as important as talking about it in software architecture
	- It is possible to think about software engineering as a mechanism, a sausage making machine. Some people think about it like that. But agile is about nurturing an ecosystem from which software emerges. We shouldn't think about it as making a machine or building a thing.
	- Dave: Engineering is not operating a production line. Engineering is designing the production line.
	- Matthew: Patterns successfully applied in one context might not be suitable for another context. it is important to think about context, organisations, systems.
	- [[Cynefin Framework]] is brought here to show that sometimes the context is not only different, but it is in a very different type of context.
	- Dave: Large parts of software engineering have never seen good software so how are they to produce one? The same thing is with agile projects. Many agile practitioners have never seen one work really well in practice.
	- Nomenclature is important as it gives as a shared language to move the discussion forward
	- Team Topologies are about "fast flow". If your environment is not about fast flow then perhaps Team Topologies is not that relevant. If you have all the time in the world, then continuous delivery is probably not that important either. But most of us are all about delivering at pace.
	- There is a way to help people quickly get to the core Team Topology principles from basic principles in a short workshop (about 60:00) in the video.
	- Dave: Engineering is about constraints, it's about ruling out the dumb solutions for the context
	- Matthew: compares this to using machine learning to design high stress structures like airplane wings.
	-
	-
	-