- Watching [[Culture of Learning: Executive Brief]]
	- Culture can be seen as the opposite, a substitute or an alternative to policies. Both appear to do the same, but the culture approach works much better in unplanned, unexpected, crisis situations.
	- Culture of teaching is not the same as culture of learning. Teaching is often passive while learning must be active. Learners will seek and find the knowledge they need.
	- Companies with a culture of learning often support any personal growth of its employees.
	- There are four key indicators of a culture of learning
		- Active Learning
		- Seeking Growth
		- Overcoming Obstacles
		- Seeking out Information and Resources
	- Establishing a Culture of Learning might be costly but it improves motivation, promote employee retention.
	- It is important to offer employees opportunities to use the new skills or they will find those opportunity outside.
	- Culture is best established by example, by action rather than statements and instruction.
	- But it is also important to be explicit about what we want to achieve.
	- It is also important to offer opportunity and back it up with a strategy.
	- Everybody should have opportunity
		- lower cost opportunity should be available to everybody
		- but low value opportunities discourage learning
		- consider different learning styles - reading, watching, talking, being taught
	- But in the end the learning is always an individual's choice
		- often the motivators and inhibitors are intertwined in business environment
		- will learning mean not working and showing lower performance in a short time? (especially important when businesses is a proxy for productivity)
		- to learn one has to admit ignorance first - not everybody wants it.
		- in a culture of learning ignorance has to be freely accepted. I don't know.
	- In technology keeping up can be stressful due to the pace at which technology changes. Group learning and sharing learning can help reduce that stress.
- Watching [[Fundamentals of Distributed Systems]]
	- Properties of reliable applications:
		- Idempotence - it needed on unreliable network
		- Immutability
		- Location Independence - applications should work wherever they are deployed
		- Versioning
	- The [[Fallacies of Distributed Computing]] are mentioned