- Re-watching [[The Error of Our Ways]]
	- Anderson's Law - I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when you looked at it in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
	- [[Quote]]: I would therefore like to posit that computing's central challenge, "How not to make a mess of it", has not been met. [[Edsger W Dijkstra]].
	- [[Quote]]: Most of our systems are much more complicated than can be considered healthy, and are too messy and chaotic to be used in comfort and confidence. [[Edsger W Dijkstra]]
- Re-watching [[War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery, Ignorance is Strength, Scrum is Agile]]
	- Original, the only at the time, agile was XP - [[eXtreme Programming Explained]]. Scrum come in later, some 5 - 6 years.
	- First book on Scrum [[Agile Software Development with Scrum]] presented it as a wrapper around XP to make it more palatable.
- Watching live [[David Mertz]] presentation on Python Runtime Typing organised by [[Steven Holden]] delivered at [[DIT]]
	- Type annotations in python can be used not only for static analysis but also at runtime.
	- Typing in Python since 2014. Syntactically type annotations were permitted since Python 3.0
	- demo in github:DavidMertz/PythonRuntimeTyping
	- pyright, pytype, mypy are tools to review python code from the type perspective
	- FastAPI is connected to pydantic and so can validate HTTP requests against python type annotations.
- Re-watching [[Value Stream Mapping is Dead. Long Live Value Stream Mapping!]]
	- Value Stream Mapping should be applied to introduction of value stream mapping
	- Blind following the industry best practice or the industry unicorn practices is unlikely to solve anybody's problems.
	- Look at handoff within the team. Where there is little collaboration there will be internal handoff and wait. It's an issue caused by 'professionalism' in 'agile'.
	-
	-
	-