- Reading [[Digital Body Language: How to Build Trust & Connection no Matter the Distance]]
	- [[Quote]]: In order to truly understand this new ideal of communication, we need to understand the four laws of digital body language: Value Visibly, Communicate Carefully, Collaborate Confidently, and Trust Totally.
	- [[Quote]]: Gunraj found that in text messages, sentences ending with periods were more likely to be considered insincere. As far as the handwritten notes were concerned, the periods had no effect on perceived sincerity. These same findings don’t extend to emails. In email, periods can be used in the same way we use them offline without seeming angry or insincere.
	- Adds Adam Boettiger, a well-known digital marketing consultant, quoted in the New York Times, “We’ve seen an increase in the nonresponse rather than just politely declining. You delete it and hope it goes away, just like if someone comes to your door and you pretend you’re not home.”17
	- Excellent work is acknowledged and rewarded in your organization. Your expertise and skills are valued and deployed. Your time is respected. You are not overworked or burnt out.
	- When people communicate, without being aware of it, they make use of a broad range of “contextualization” cues that help others assess the meanings behind their words. For instance, the phrase “I love that film” accompanied by a head nod signals something entirely different from “I love that film” paired with an eye roll or a wink.
	- As I noted earlier, we’re all “immigrants” in today’s digital workplace, meaning that the subtle cues that help us understand what others may really be saying require time, patience, and even reflection.
	- Up to 80 percent of all projects suffer from a lack of clarity and detail.3 A recent survey shows that 56 percent of strategic projects fail as a result of poor communication.
	- Today, it’s everyone’s responsibility to consider the potential ways our communications can be interpreted (or misinterpreted) and adjust our writing style and tone accordingly.
	- This means that people are expected to present their ideas in bullet points, using headlines as proxies for the ideas that support them. The universal chaos of unread emails, IMs, texts, and calendar invites makes most of us crave a simpler, easier era of phone calls, office drop-ins, and uninterrupted client dinners. Back then, a day could go by before we finally responded to a voicemail (Call Jack back, we’d scrawl on a random piece of paper, which we’d then lose). Needless to say, Communicating Carefully in today’s high-velocity, shorthand world demands a more concrete approach.
	- Our fast-moving culture means that we don’t always take the time we need to proofread or truly consider the words we’ve written before we press Send. But today, re-reading an email before we send it (and not ten times after we send it) is mandatory. How often have you heard the words “But I sent you an email” or “Didn’t you get the email?” or “I am sure I covered that in the email” when you’re staring directly at the email in question and the information just isn’t there? The first rule of Communicating Carefully? Slow down.