- Reading [[Why can't we all just get along?]] by [[Emily Webber]]
	- The post is context for a slide deck published after Lean Agile Brighton.
	- Emily has observed a worrying trend in the industry "focus on specialisms at the expense of collaboration, shared responsibility and valuable outcomes".
	- While there might be many reasons (or excuses) for it, the outcome is that it creates work siloes, sometimes within teams.
	- Often we talk about 'discipline led' development of digital services. Often it is done to stress importance of one domain, but that professionalism leads to segregation and going away from cross-functional collaboration.
	- An added problem is the need for professionals in teams and people split part time between multiple teams. Not only it creates context switching but some imbalance of professional contributions. People who are part time in the team nominally represent a function in the team, but often cannot be in all the meetings when decisions are made and so often the profession's point of view is completely ignored.
	- Correlation between projects and context switching time is presented, taken from [[Impact of task switching and work interruptions on software development processes]] paper. It shows a lot of variability but somehow positive correlation between the number of concurrent projects and time lost to context switching.
	- The solution is collaboration and acceptance that people are not [[T-shaped]], not [[Pi-shaped]] but rather [[broken-comb-shaped]].
	- The author defines three conceptual models of team working
		- Multidisciplinary
			- Members may have separate but interrelated roles and maintain their own disciplinary boundaries. It is an additive not integrative approach.
		- Interdisciplinary
			- Members may blur some disciplinary boundaries but still maintain a discipline-specific base. Teams integrate closer to complete a shared goal.
		- Transdisciplinary
			- Team members share roles as well as goals. They share skills (allowing others to learn and take on) and acquire new skills. The result is a more blended team that shares objectives and many core skill sets required to achieve the overall goal.