- [[Future Leaders: building a diverse and inclusive public sector]]
	- Notable finding from recent PWC research
		- social mobility is more difficult and more affected by the age
		- better quality and affordability of social housing could help in social mobility
		- pandemic has deepen the gaps.
		- leadership in public institutions, both elected involved in strategic direction as well as those implementing against those targets, should look for diversity in skill to be able to deliver for the diverse communities.
	- BT: Inclusion is now often branded by ministers as 'woke'. But diversity provides real values. We need diverse workforce to ensure best results. The problems we have are not because of lack of strategy, but because of not delivering.
	- Isn't it increasingly more difficult for [[Civil Service]] to deliver?
		- RM: there is huge consensus on what we need - diversity, and safe environment where the diverse workforce can deliver. [[Fast Stream]] in early years [[2013]]-[[2014]] have shown that there was a huge problem with under representation of BAME community. The data shown us the problem and we were able to address it. That's the signal element of what's happening.
		- The noise is that there is a tendency to caricature the opposition. The 'anti-woke' discussion is a good example. Another is conflating metrics and targets. But the problem is also on the 'woke' side. There is a real need to demonstrate that we have enough to make the real change and instead we discuss and degenerate to 'performative wokery'
	- PC: Businesses get better as they get more diverse. PWC is good example of that. In football, on the pitch it is easy to have meritocracy as it is obvious how to measure merit and so now the teams in premier league include very diverse teams from all over the world. But the office staff of that organisation looks very differently, because it is not easy to measure the merit there.
	- PC: Graduate market is now different to how it was. Not only with ambition, not just asking for a job but rather career, but people who are more interesting in the mission and the impact of the job on the society, on the climate and so on.
	- PC: But there is still plenty of bias in the society. Black women are more likely to die in childbirth, stop and search, the implied reason for lateness (white: traffic, black: lazy).
	- How policy can change with inclusivity
		- GG: at the beginning of the pandemic there were gaps in data, so it was't obvious that some communities, ethnicities were more affected than others. But the social element, the social contacts of local representatives were able to provide that insight and allowed early response.
	- How can we measure inclusivity in public services? Sometimes the search for ever more data can be used as an excuse not to do things
		- MT: We have a lot of data and we have a lot of gaps at the same time. We also have incorrect data, sometime intentionally - people may choose not to select their own ethnicity from the fear of discrimination.
		- MT: It is very difficult to get diversity in data analytics workforce, because there are very few Black Caribbean specialists in the field. We need to change this by intervening early in school, to give them school.
		- MT: It is easy to make stats blunt, but what we need is to make them impactful. It's not difficult to collect data, but to collect meaningful data which can be actioned. It's not good to realise that Bangladeshi community does't come forward for vaccination if we have no ability to take action and do something to change it.
	- Question: What to do about graduate entries?
		- RM: Fast Stream has a good brand, but that's just a brand that covers multiple programme configurations. We need to keep improving it to allow more specialised output rather than generic. But there is apprenticeship route too, which we should use more to produce more specifically skilled workforce. Fast Stream is not really for students as the average age is 27.
	- Question: How can the public sector continue to progress on Diversity and Inclusion when political preference would be to reduce D&I activity and staff in many parts of the public sector (Tia)
		- BT: if we are to reduce D&I we are reducing HR, we are reducing our ability to get work done, to achieve our desired outcomes.
		- Very often we are talking only about representation ignoring the inclusion. It's not good to have diverse workforce which is not engaged, not included.
	- Question: How about diversity of thought rather than diversity of ethnicity
		- PC: it is obviously important, but very often the focus on diversity of thought is excuse not to look at diversity of background. But if you focus on diversity of background then very often you will end up with diversity of thought. (me: interestingly it is not diversity of ethnicity but background)
		- MT: the diversity of thought results in diversity of diversity in work habits and needs.
		- RM: the diversity of background is the most significant diversity to ensure true team diversity.
		- MT: it is important to do [[in team decision making]]
	- Question: Remote / Hybrid working during the pandemic gave a great boos to access for work for a wide range of often under represented citizens. How to maintain this against often philosophical rather than evidence based "return to the office"?
		- RM: we shouldn't go back to the time of 'presentism' in the office. But we need to think about new people joining our ranks and how they might be missing on learning, who might not have the environment to be effective working from home, or those who need a rest from home.
		- BT: we cannot go back, but we will need effective technology to make most of it. Ability to work from home is life transforming, especially for people with caring responsibilities. Ability to continue career despite changes in personal circumstances is important and needs role models.
	- GG: best argument for diversity is creativity.