- Listening to [[Managing Virtual Teams]]
	- Virtual teams are teams who primarily communicate remotely
	- Hybrid work is work where some of the workforce is permanently on site, and some is permanently remote.
	- The management based on power imbalance is very difficult in remote environment, but that is a good thing. Instead leadership skills should be used.
	- One thing that is often mentioned as the main reason to come to the office is spontaneous creativity and the 'water cooler' time. But what is really missing is not the spontaneous conversation but spontaneous information exchange and connection of skill. This can be arranged. It is possible to share learnings and interests in a more structured way, but it is up to the leader to set example and set the necessary culture.
	- Another thing often missing is team building. Some of the techniques no longer work, but new techniques are emerging. Spending time on social conversations at the beginning of meetings might be a good way to start it. It should be sine as not only OK, but important element of work to talk about non-work things from time to time to connect to others. Things like that would happen in a traditional office anyway.
	- In fact, the point is made, that in a normal working environment people spend a lot of time not directly working, but in other way contributing to the organisation and so similar expectation should be when working remotely.
	- my notes: this connects to [[The Value of Flow]] on notes from [[Aug 2nd, 2022]] as there needs to be high degree of flex in the system for it to deliver quickly.
- Listening to [[The Hidden Secrets of Technology Careers]]
	- The course is focused on sharing career pitfalls and techniques to avoid them.
	- Popularity of tech is a good indicator to which one will survive. Many great technologies never become popular, while those popular often weren't that great and in fact often there wasn't much more than marketing involved.
	- The author talks about economic drivers for technology adoption and how understanding those can help choose in which technology we should invest our time at a personal level, and how business should make the same decision.
	- He extends the economical case to free open source projects showing how the market dynamics affect how successful open source proejcts are.