- Reading [[The Goal: A Business Graphic Novel]]
	- The book describes the same [[Theory of Constraints]] as [[The Goal: A process of Ongoing Improvement]]. It might be difficult to understand without reading the full novel first, but it is a good way to refresh the theory of constraints thinking.
	- There are bottleneck and non-bottleneck elements of the process.
	- The *real goal* of any process is to make money. Everything else is just the means of achieving that goal. (note: how does that relate to public service work?)
	- There are only three measures to look at:
		- Throughput - the rate at which the system generates money from sales
		- Inventory - the amount of money that the system has invested purchasing things it intends to sell
		- Operational Expense - all the money the system spends in order to turn Inventory into Throughput
	- [[Quote]]: The level of utilisation of non-bottleneck is not determined by its own potential, but by some other constraint in the system.
	- note: it connects with [[John Little]]'s Law. Too much productivity, workers working at 100% capacity results in problems and lower not higher productivity.
	- [[Quote]]: Jonah explains that "utilising" a resource means making use of it in a way that moves the system toward the goal. "Activating" a resource is like pressing the "on" switch of a machine. It runs regardless of overall benefit to the system. So running a non-bottleneck machine to its maximum is an act of maximum stupidity.
- Watching [[Algorithms and Data Structures - Part 1]]
	- The course starts with very basic introduction to programming - how arrays work. Then it goes into asymptotic analysis of algorithms.
	-