- Watching [[Fundamentals of Distributed Systems]]
	- Push IDs from the clients to make systems idempotent
	- Use [[CQRS]] See [[CQRS in Practice]] to learn more.
	- Immutability solves a lot of problems, from disks, to snapshot isolation, to data structures
	- IDs generated in a database break the Location Independence.
	- Hashing records is an example of a [[Content-Addressed Storage]]. Examples of this in practice are found in [[git]] and [[Docker]]. Using content-address storage for caching is better as it works across load balancers.
	- [[Additive Structures]] is an alternative to API versioning, where presents of properties in a data model is enough to see which version is used. Although it is not possible to quickly identify the specific version it doesn't matter as the software can work without knowing the numbers.
	- Alternative API versioning techniques include
		- version numbers in URL
		- content type negotiation
		- query strings
		- avoid it all together (used by GraphQL)
	- See [[Versioning and Evolving Microservices in ASP.Net]]
- Watching [[Data Structures: The Code That Isn't There]]
	- How to make data structure do a lot of hard work for you
	- [[Quote]]: A data structure is just a stupid programming language [[Ralph Willam Gosper Jr]]
	- Choosing the right data structure can remove the need for code and so increasing reliability.
	- [[Skiplist]] take an ordered linked list and add an 'express highway'. They start to look like a binary tree with enough layers of skips. The shortcut links and the number of it can be decided by probability and then the elements can be reordered and still the list might be close to optimal.
		- An example of a roundabout which can control traffic like the traffic lights, but the decisions are not centralised, they are based on local state. The roundabout controls traffic without there being any 'it' that controls it.
	- [[Difference List]] an idea from [[Prolog]].
		- [[Haskell]] has also something called a difference list but those two concepts are not really related.
		- A difference list is a retrospective mutability
		- It is immutable but unstuck in time. It is more fundamental than lazy abstractions
	- [[Rolling Hash]] for cases when [[md5]] [[sha1]] are too slow. It is a hash on a short a buffer. It is used in [[rsync]] by [[Andrew Tridgell]]. It can also be used to find blocks of files that are the same. It finds deterministic breaks and cheaply matches blocks.
	- [[Jumprope]] (invented by [[Scott Vokes]]) for storing very large binary strings using [[Content-Addressed Storage]] which is good for deduplicating content. Can be used for things like genetic genome. It is a persistent and immutable data structure. The jumprope structure uses [[Rolling Hash]] to create deterministic content breaks. It is used in [[Scatterbrain]] - a file system for archival.
	-