- Reading [[Anatomy and Physiology for Paramedics]] - chapter 6 - [[Physical Heart Function]] and [[View of the Heart]]
	- Physiology of Heart
		- The heart is the size of owners clenched fist.
		- The right atrium is triangular in shape - an enlargement of Vena Cava
		- Right ventricle is also triangular and lies on the front of the heart
		- Left atrium is roughly square and has outlets of 4 pulmonary veins in each corner.
		- Left ventricle is canonical and thick walled, constitutes the main mass of the heart with other chambers wrapped around it.
		- Coronary archeries branch out from aorta.
		- Deoxygenated blood drains into the coronary sinus which discharges directly to right atrium
		- Most organs receive branches from more than one artery which are usually connected with each other by [[anastomoses]]. They provide collateral circulation (alternate blood supply). When the main coronary artery is about 90% obstructed blood will flow through collateral vessels.
		- The heart can stay alive with as little as 10-15% of normal blood supply.
	- [[Cardiac Output]]
		- Definition - the amount of blood pumped into the aorta in one minute (minute volume) equal to the amount of blood pumped out with each beat (stroke volume) multiplied by the number of beats per minutes (heart rate).
		- [[Cardiac Output]] = [[Stroke Volume]] x [[Heart Rate]].
		- On average (at rest)
			- Heart Rate -> 70-75 bpm
			- Stroke Volume -> 70ml
			- Cardiac Output -> 5,000ml
		- Cardiac Output may increase to 20,000 ml or even 30,000 ml in athletes.
		- Cardiac Output depends on
			- Frequency of heart rate
			- Blod pressure (peripheral resistance)
			- Venous return
	- [[Starlings Law]] - The heart responds to increased stretching with an increase in the force of contractions. It therefore matches cardiac output with venous return, avoiding distension of veins. This is achieved with signals from stretch receptors in the atria.
	- First heart sound (LUB) is caused by tricuspid and bicuspid valves closing
	- Second heart sound (DUPP) is caused by semi-lunar aortic and pulmonary artery valves snapping closed due to back pressure.
		-