- Reading [[Linked Data: Structured data on the Web]]
	- The missing *link* to my understanding of the [[Linked Data]].
	- The foreword by [[Tim Berners-Lee]] offers an interesting insight into the beginning of the web, and the first ideas - circles and arrows - he had around 1980.
	- The linked data is by now well established in internet search, search engine optimisation and building web pages. But it could be used for APIs and for knowledge organisation.
	- [[Quote]]: [[Linked Data]] has one amazing property: it may be easily combined with other Linked Data to form new knowledge. that is the best reason to explore and use Linked Data. Traditional data-management techniques have resulted in separation of most of our data into silos that can't be readily recombined. We need to write programs to find, access, convert, and combine data from silos before we can get on with any particular job. Linked Data makes that sort of work much easier because it's easy to combine Linked Data from multiple sources. (page 5)
	- [[Quote]]: [[Hypertext]] researchers were nearly unanimous in their dislike for the early Web precisely because it didn't have those handy features. Instead, the Web had frequent 404 error messages when links failed to resolve. But the Web had some important features that other hypertext systems didn't have, especially scalability and distributed authorship. Those features turned out to be much more important to us than link management. (page 7)
	- [[Quote]]: You can even layer that context back onto your data after the fact, which in turn allows new ways for your data to be used by people you may never meet. (page 7)
	- [[Quote]]: The techniques of Linked Data give us a new answer to an age-old question: how can we share our knowledge with others? Linked Data is a genera-purpose concept. Literally anything can be described by Linked Data. (page 7)
	- [[Quote]] [[Key Learning]]: For most of history we confused information with the containers it came in. Even though all we really cared about was the information inside the containers, we built institutions dedicated to the preservation of the form, not the information. Librarians limited access to the containers so they would last longer.
		- We should be focusing on modelling domains not data, services not APIs and ontologies instead of taxonomies. The revolution in how Internet freed information from the container of books, and the music from media. For way too long people were concerned with maintaining the containers not the content - example of librarians looking after scrolls.
-