- Reading [[Linked Data: Structured data on the Web]]
	- [[SPARQL]] - didn't use to be an acronym. The SPARQL Protocol and RDF Query Language is something that was added later.
	- ARQ query tool from Apache Jena Project can be used to query RDF fiiles using SPARQL from command line
	- [[Quote]]: [[Linked Data]] isn't meant to be used only by humans; automated processes should also be able to make [[SPARQL]] queries. (page 108)
	- **SELECT** and **ASK** query types return values but not in a graph. **DESCRIBE** and **CONSTRUCT** are used to return results as graphs.
	- [[RDFa]] vocabulary attributes can be used in [[HTML5]] only on tags defined in HTML5.
	- [[Schema.org]] is just a vocabulary. [[GoodRelations]] is another.
	- [[RDFa 1.1 Light]] was created after early adopters of the technology and [[Schema.org]] complained that it was too complex.
	- [[Quote]]: Any sharing of data between these two sites can't be accomplished by joining the tables contained in their separate databases. They're unlikely to share primary keys, metadata, or identifiers, and their individual database server systems are likely incompatible. Collaboration would entail working together to design a common data format and common artist IDs (vocabulary alignment). This sort of information sharing across incompatible, independently designed data systems requires time, additional cost, and human intervention to provide contextual interpretation of the different datasets. Contrast this scenario with one where each dataset is stored using structured data in [[RDF]] format (Linked Data). We'd expect both sites to follow the Linked Data principles in structuring their data. They'd use a common, standard vocabulary (base ontology) in describing their data, refer to URIs appropriately, and publish that data on a query-able endpoint so that both sites could communicate across the Web. [...] Most important, this collaboration is possible because the inherent characteristic of [[Linked Data]]. Thus, **independently designed and maintained datasets can share their knowledge domains by being interlinked and queried together**. (page 164)
	- [[Quote]]: [[Data Warehouses]] [..] aren't needed when using [[RDF]] stores. The integration of multiple data sources is made easier in Linked Data by three mechanisms:
		- Use of the same URIs to name resources whenever possible
		- Reuse of common vocabularies wherever possible
		- Use of `owl:sameAs` to indicate that a particular resource is *identical* or *nearly identical* to another resource.
	- RDF databases are just another type of [[NoSQL]] database, one that could be called a *triple store*.