- Watching [[Kevlin Henney]]'s Agility is not equal Speed
	- Words are vehicles of meaning and when we develop software we develop systems of meaning.
	- whether or not you are agile is an observation, not a thing. (adjective). It means 'able to move quickly and easily'.
	- agility is not speed, it's more gimnastics
	- we have problem with our relationship with time. We are very bad at judging how we spend our time.
	- Unified anthropomorphic entities - the business, it's not a single person usually.
	- 'move fast and break things' attributed often to facebook, but they only popularised this saying common in engineering. It is seen as being OK, but it is not always so. Sometimes things that get broken are people.
	- [[Quote]]: if you make your objectives one-dimensional, your results are also one-dimensional with a curious multi-dimensional fallout.
	- A 'burn-up' chart is really a 'cumulative flow'.
	- It is not possible to prioritise things by business value, because we don't know the business value without a time machine. We can do it by an *estimate* of business value, but not by the actual business value.
	- An estimate is a shape, it is a probability distribution.
	- With estimates burn-down or cumulative flow diagrams show time against time (stuff is measured in estimates), so in the end we are validating estimates or measuring utilisation.
	- what happens with exchange rates? (story points to time) - economics happen - speculation.
	- A lot of interesting things have happened in software in [[1968]].
	- [[Quote]]: [[Neil Gaiman]] You have to finish things - that's what you learn from, you learn by finishing things.
	- A code base is a knowledge base - codified in symbolic logic - programming is a knowledge acquisition (learning) process.
	- Software architecture is a model of participation - how we as a team share knowledge.
	- [[Quote]] The biggest advantage of autonomously working teams is risk reduction through increased [[group intelligence]]. (Henney)
	- [[Quote]]: There is little correlation between a group's collective intelligence and the IQs of its individual members. But if a group includes more women, its collective intelligence rises. (Wooly - What Makes a Team Smarter?)
	-
	-
	-