- [[Knowledge Graph Conference]]
	- [[Know Where Graph]] - presentation about knowwheregraph.org
		- Session moderated by Shirly Stepen with contributions by Cogan Shimizu, Colby Fisher, Thomas Thelen, Sizhe Wang
		- KnowWhereGraph is a tool that enables other knowledge graph tools that have geospatial component. It is a global collaboration of academics in geospatial graph data.
		- They try to provide ready made data for analysis and so to reduce the time it takes to respond to disaster relief efforts by removing the time normally spent on data wrangling.
		- The demos where interesting, but there is no model how this will be sustainable as a project or a resource. Currently they take the data and run it for others.
		- The project uses [[GraphDB]], the free version, as its backend.
		- Other tools worth looking at
			- Linked Data Reactor
			- Sampo UI
			- LodView
			- RDF Surveyor
	- [[Dgraph]] - open-source, distribute knowledge graph
		- A workshop presented by Rafaël Derbier (Director of Product) and Matthew McNeely
		- The ambition is to have a knowledge graph as a system of records rather than only in the analysis layer.
		- dgraph relies on many open source projects and so has mixed licenses
		- They have [Very Large Graph](https://github.com/dgraph-io/vlg) repository where they try to make large public graph dataset to showcase dgraph. This includes interesting datasets and could be useful on its own.
		- Dgraph is distributed in terms of load, but they have started work on federation too
		- Other tools worth looking at
			- networkx - python package for graph analysis
			- ipycytoscape for visualisations
			- BokehJs for map plotting
	- [[Democratising the Knowledge Graph]]
		- A presentation about how knowledge graph is developed at IKEA with focus on domain experts' user experience presented by Adam Keresztes and Katharina Kari
		- The main premise is that when we talk about knowledge graphs we talk too often about the technical detail rather than the user ned (image of a car disassembled vs driving a car). TO have knowledge graphs adopted at organisation we have to shift the focus from the mechanics to user need.
		- The solutions have to be
			- Easy to use - so they have low barrier of entry, with terminology easy to learn
			- Intuitive - the tools need to match users' mental model, have obvious ways that will allow users achieve their goals, with visual guides to support the mental model
			- Efficient - responsiveness and speed are important because even simple tasks that take very long time can be burdensome
			- Visual - again, it's about the mental model. We think very visually normally. Whiteboards are the common way of discussing models
			- Fun - if the all four above are done well, the experience becomes fun, users get engaged, the knowledge graph gets created and utilised.
			- Forgiving (addition from the room) - tools have to be forgiving like whiteboards are. We don't have to define everything, or even agree on what we are drawing, we can quickly change it, or leave undefined for some time to help with the discussion. Knowledge graph tools should be like that.
		- Their solution is powered by [[Metaphactory]].
		- Josh Perryman contributed to the discussion talking about terrible user experience of existing tools. Somebody else suggested that users should put more effort into understanding the technology. After all, business users talk about databases all the time, why not knowledge graphs? I think that it is a mistake, it is the knowledge graph experts should put more effort to meet the domain experts on their terms - true with every technology which should be user centric.
		- Paraphrasing Katharina: the world is not flat, it is multidimentional and full of paradoxes, and so, is the data representing it. Our tooling and models have to support it. We shouldn't argue for a single model.
		- The tooling of CMS systems has been really bad for more than two decades to the point where everybody hates editing CMS and at the same time expects the experience to be that bad. There is still time not to repeat the same mistake with KGs.
	- [[Semantic Knowledge Modelling]]
		- A practical workshop on using [[Metaphactory]] lead by Ademar Crotti.
		- Metaphactory allows to build pages based on models by combining HTML with SPARQL. It allows viewing the data either as a graph, or in a more descriptive way. Visual vs Browsing user experience.
		- They use open standards like SKOS, DAT, SHACL, OWL to store the information in GraphDB offering custom user experience but based on open standards.
-