- Reading [[Exploiting Linked Data and Knowledge Graphs in Large Organizations]]
	- "Back in 2008, ongoing and future trends in semantic technologies were forecast to lie at the intersection of three main dimensions:"
		- natural interaction - ease of *access* to computer systems by end users
		- the [[Web 2.0]] - *empowerment* of user communities to represent, manage and share knowledge in collaborative ways
		- [[Service Oriented Architecture]]s - machine *interoperability*
	- One of applications of [[Knowledge Graph]]s can be [[Open Innovation]]. Interests of people in a large organisation can be represented and queried as a graph to help connect people interested in solving similar problems. It is connected with concepts like [[Enterprise 2.0]]
		- "In this scenario, corporate knowledge graphs can be used to (i) support the semantic contextualisation of content-related tasks involving individuals and roles and (ii) help in discovering relations between communities of employees, customers and providers, with shared knowledge and interests."
	- Intra-enterprise Micro-knowledge Management.
		- "knowledge management is one of the key strategies that allow companies to fully tap into their collective knowledge. However, two main entry barriers usually limit the potential of this approach: (i) the barriers that employees encounter discouraging them from strong and active participation (knowledge providing) and (ii) the lack of truly evolved intelligent technologies that enable employees to easily benefit from the global knowledge by the companie and othe rusers (knowledge consuming)."
		- **miKrow, a lightweight framework for knowledge management.
	- Knowledge Graph versus Linked Data
		- *In many literature, [[RDF]] datasets, [[Linked Data]] and [[Knowledge Graph]] are often mentioned in the same context. It is important to clarify this terminology and to highlight the major differences between the three related concepts."
		- "When we talk about [[RDF]] datasets we mean data collections wehre the data is presented in an [[RDF]] format, i.e. in relational structures consisting of a *subejct*, a *predicated* and an *object*, where the former two are identifiers (URIs) and the latter is either an identifier or a value. With Linked Data, we refer to multiple RDF datasets developed, maintained and distributed independently of one another, and yet inter-linked. Cross-links may result from referencing the same individuals with the same URIs in different datasets, or may be supplemented by drawing mappings, e.g. using the *owl:sameAs* predicate."
		- *A knowledge graph is a structrued dataset that is compatible with the RDF data model and has an (OWL) ontology as its schema. A knowledge graph is not necessariky linked to external knowledge graphs; howmever, entities in the knowledge graph usually have type information, defined in its ontology, which is useful for providing contextual information about such entities. Knowledge graphs are expected to be reliable, of hight quality, of high accessiibility and providing end user oriented information services.